checking out word: quirkiness
checking out word: customer
checking out word: centricity
checking out word: hotel
checking out word: age
checking out word: bit
checking out word: business
checking out word: feel
checking out word: hotel
checking out word: place
checking out word: Convenient
checking out word: location
checking out word: welcoming
checking out word: co
checking out word: spaces
checking out word: bar
checking out word: dining
checking out word: Mac
checking out word: area
checking out word: staff
checking out word: stay
checking out word: warm
checking out word: welcome
checking out word: Ivana
checking out word: Fotini
Key Error for word: fotini
checking out word: service
checking out word: self
checking out word: help
checking out word: DIY
checking out word: options
checking out word: Citizen
checking out word: M
checking out word: Amsterdam
pos tags are empty for: 
checking out word: wife
checking out word: recommendation
checking out word: colleague
checking out word: Yes
checking out word: rooms
checking out word: everything
checking out word: bar
checking out word: lounge
checking out word: areas
checking out word: loads
checking out word: space
checking out word: interior
checking out word: design
checking out word: area
checking out word: time
checking out word: Citizen
checking out word: M
checking out word: mins
checking out word: Amsterdam
checking out word: Zuid
Key Error for word: zuid
checking out word: station
checking out word: mins
checking out word: train
checking out word: Schiphol
checking out word: )
checking out word: excellent
checking out word: tram
checking out word: service
checking out word: centre
checking out word: Hotel
checking out word: Central
checking out word: Station
checking out word: mins
checking out word: passes
checking out word: attractions
checking out word: location
checking out word: stag
checking out word: weekend
checking out word: groups
checking out word: centre
checking out word: price
checking out word: wifi
checking out word: Sufficient
checking out word: bandwidth
checking out word: Facetime
checking out word: Skype
checking out word: )
checking out word: movies
checking out word: staff
checking out word: credit
checking out word: company
checking out word: Room
checking out word: Tip
checking out word: Hotel
checking out word: neighbourhood
checking out word: rooms
pos tags are empty for: 
checking out word: Reviewer
checking out word: Name
checking out word: hopeandfury
checking out word: Place
checking out word: Hong
checking out word: Kong
checking out word: China
checking out word: Badges
checking out word: reviews
checking out word: Reviews
checking out word: cities
pos tags are empty for: 
checking out word: title
checking out word: hotel
checking out word: staff
checking out word: rating
checking out word: stars
checking out word: Date
checking out word: October
checking out word: review
checking out word: quirkiness
checking out word: customer
checking out word: centricity
checking out word: hotel
checking out word: age
checking out word: bit
checking out word: business
checking out word: feel
checking out word: hotel
checking out word: place
checking out word: Convenient
checking out word: location
checking out word: welcoming
checking out word: co
checking out word: spaces
checking out word: bar
checking out word: dining
checking out word: Mac
checking out word: area
checking out word: staff
checking out word: stay
checking out word: warm
checking out word: welcome
checking out word: Ivana
checking out word: Fotini
checking out word: service
checking out word: self
checking out word: help
checking out word: DIY
checking out word: options
checking out word: Citizen
checking out word: M
checking out word: Amsterdam
pos tags are empty for: 
checking out word: room
checking out word: tip
checking out word: management
checking out word: response
checking out word: Stayed
checking out word: October
checking out word: family
pos tags are empty for: 
pos tags are empty for: 
checking out word: Reviewer
checking out word: Name
checking out word: hopeandfury
checking out word: Place
checking out word: Hong
checking out word: Kong
checking out word: China
checking out word: Badges
checking out word: reviews
checking out word: Reviews
checking out word: cities
pos tags are empty for: 
checking out word: title
checking out word: hotel
checking out word: staff
checking out word: rating
checking out word: stars
checking out word: Date
checking out word: October
checking out word: review
checking out word: quirkiness
checking out word: customer
checking out word: centricity
checking out word: hotel
checking out word: age
checking out word: bit
checking out word: business
checking out word: feel
checking out word: hotel
checking out word: place
checking out word: Convenient
checking out word: location
checking out word: welcoming
checking out word: co
checking out word: spaces
checking out word: bar
checking out word: dining
checking out word: Mac
checking out word: area
checking out word: staff
checking out word: stay
checking out word: warm
checking out word: welcome
checking out word: Ivana
checking out word: Fotini
checking out word: service
checking out word: self
checking out word: help
checking out word: DIY
checking out word: options
checking out word: Citizen
checking out word: M
checking out word: Amsterdam
pos tags are empty for: 
checking out word: room
checking out word: tip
checking out word: management
checking out word: response
checking out word: Stayed
checking out word: October
checking out word: family
pos tags are empty for: 
pos tags are empty for: 
checking out word: Reviewer
checking out word: Name
checking out word: hopeandfury
checking out word: Place
checking out word: Hong
checking out word: Kong
checking out word: China
checking out word: Badges
checking out word: reviews
checking out word: Reviews
checking out word: cities
pos tags are empty for: 
checking out word: title
checking out word: hotel
checking out word: staff
checking out word: rating
checking out word: stars
checking out word: Date
checking out word: October
checking out word: review
checking out word: quirkiness
checking out word: customer
checking out word: centricity
checking out word: hotel
checking out word: age
checking out word: bit
checking out word: business
checking out word: feel
checking out word: hotel
checking out word: place
checking out word: Convenient
checking out word: location
checking out word: welcoming
checking out word: co
checking out word: spaces
checking out word: bar
checking out word: dining
checking out word: Mac
checking out word: area
checking out word: staff
checking out word: stay
checking out word: warm
checking out word: welcome
checking out word: Ivana
checking out word: Fotini
checking out word: service
checking out word: self
checking out word: help
checking out word: DIY
checking out word: options
checking out word: Citizen
checking out word: M
checking out word: Amsterdam
pos tags are empty for: 
checking out word: room
checking out word: tip
checking out word: management
checking out word: response
checking out word: Stayed
checking out word: October
checking out word: family
pos tags are empty for: 
pos tags are empty for: 
checking out word: Reviewer
checking out word: Name
checking out word: B
checking out word: Place
checking out word: Tamworth
checking out word: United
checking out word: Kingdom
checking out word: Badges
checking out word: review
pos tags are empty for: 
checking out word: title
checking out word: Will
checking out word: choice
checking out word: hotel
checking out word: Amsterdam
checking out word: future
checking out word: rating
checking out word: stars
checking out word: Date
checking out word: October
checking out word: review
checking out word: wife
checking out word: recommendation
checking out word: colleague
checking out word: Yes
checking out word: rooms
checking out word: everything
checking out word: bar
checking out word: lounge
checking out word: areas
checking out word: loads
checking out word: space
checking out word: interior
checking out word: design
checking out word: area
checking out word: time
checking out word: Citizen
checking out word: M
checking out word: mins
checking out word: Amsterdam
checking out word: Zuid
checking out word: station
checking out word: mins
checking out word: train
checking out word: Schiphol
checking out word: )
checking out word: excellent
checking out word: tram
checking out word: service
checking out word: centre
checking out word: Hotel
checking out word: Central
checking out word: Station
checking out word: mins
checking out word: passes
checking out word: attractions
checking out word: location
checking out word: stag
checking out word: weekend
checking out word: groups
checking out word: centre
checking out word: price
checking out word: wifi
checking out word: Sufficient
checking out word: bandwidth
checking out word: Facetime
checking out word: Skype
checking out word: )
checking out word: movies
checking out word: staff
checking out word: credit
checking out word: company
checking out word: Room
checking out word: Tip
checking out word: Hotel
checking out word: neighbourhood
checking out word: rooms
checking out word: See
checking out word: room
checking out word: tips
checking out word: room
checking out word: tip
checking out word: Room
checking out word: Tip
checking out word: Hotel
checking out word: neighbourhood
checking out word: rooms
checking out word: See
checking out word: room
checking out word: tips
checking out word: management
checking out word: response
checking out word: Stayed
checking out word: October
checking out word: couple
pos tags are empty for: 
pos tags are empty for: 
checking out word: Reviewer
checking out word: Name
checking out word: Fred
checking out word: P
checking out word: Place
checking out word: Hobart
checking out word: Australia
checking out word: Badges
checking out word: reviews
checking out word: hotel
checking out word: reviews
checking out word: Reviews
checking out word: cities
checking out word: votes
pos tags are empty for: 
checking out word: title
checking out word: hotel
checking out word: rating
checking out word: stars
checking out word: Date
checking out word: October
checking out word: review
checking out word: quirky
checking out word: hotel
checking out word: super
checking out word: modern
checking out word: design
checking out word: rooms
checking out word: reception
checking out word: bar
checking out word: lounge
checking out word: areas
checking out word: place
checking out word: river
checking out word: trip
checking out word: cabins
checking out word: space
checking out word: room
checking out word: citizenM
cannot decode: ['In', 'line', 'with', 'the', 'overall', 'quirky', 'design', 'the', 'shower', 'and', 'toilet', 'are', 'in', 'the', 'centre', 'of', 'the', 'bedroom', ';', 'made', 'from', 'see', 'through', 'plastic', ',', 'they', 'would', 'not', 'appeal', 'to', 'modest', 'guests', 'who', 'wish', 'to', 'answer', 'nature\xc3\xa2\xc2\x80\xc2\x99s', 'call', 'in', 'privacy']
checking out word: river
checking out word: trip
checking out word: cabins
checking out word: space
checking out word: room
checking out word: citizenM
checking out word: stay
checking out word: space
checking out word: lack
checking out word: places
checking out word: garments
checking out word: stow
checking out word: suitcases
checking out word: overnight
checking out word: stay
checking out word: hotel
checking out word: tram
checking out word: trip
checking out word: museums
checking out word: city
checking out word: centre
checking out word: train
checking out word: station
